Read less, are you crazy?
If I die, we all have to die today, but he saved me,
So what if I saved you, didn’t you hear?
He wanted to challenge the latter,
That is to challenge the Eastern Subjugation and fall into Jin,
What are Dongsu and Beijiang talking about together?
He provoked me, the two top adults in Huaguo,
There is no doubt that he was killed. You were wrong about this beautiful woman.
Not only will he die tonight,
If you get up, you all have to pay for it together.
Including the family behind you, he cannot release shares.
Yes, this is an all-out game,
It’s all Dongsu’s full strength, all costs
OK Hurry up
Didn't you say that as long as we take action?
Just let us live
I can let your little silver go
But the family behind you
No one can let go of the Flower Clan.
It's because he doesn't know what's good
Don't understand the rules
As long as you let our family go and let him go
he pissed me off
Death is his fate
But your family
I can let it go
As long as he gets used to it
Be obedient and sweet my love
The lives of everyone in your family
I can let it go even better than you
Don't miss the three major families
you can't do it
I did it
Dan Dong surrenders and defends evil
Power in the dark world of China
Or the reincarnation of a god
As long as he gently spreads his breasts
It turned out that the State of China was gifted this volume
Just listen and explain, Lin Yuan
Countless times we have underestimated our feelings
The same person chooses to believe in state affairs
You really take care of me
You didn't mean
I have three chances to beg you
now i beg you